# 0x01. Git
## Requirements
- A `README.md` file at the root of the `alx-pre_course` repo, containing a description of the repository
- A `README.md` file, at the root of the folder of this project (i.e. `0x01-git`), describing what this project is about
- Do not use **GitHub’s web UI**, but the command line to perform the exercise (except for operations that can not possibly be done any other way than through the web UI). You won’t be able to perform many of the task requirements on the web UI, and you should start getting used to the command line for simple tasks because many complex tasks can only be done via the command line.
- Your answer files should only contain the command, and nothing else
## Tasks
0. **Create and setup your Git and GitHub account**
1. **Repo-session**: Create a new directory called `0x03-git` in your `alx-zero_day` repo with `README.md`.
2. **Coding fury road**: Create these directories at the root of your project: `bash`, `c`, `js`. Create these empty files: `c/c_is_fun.c`, `js/main.js`, `js/index.js`. Create a file `bash/alx` with these two lines inside: `#!/bin/bash` and `echo "ALX"`. Create a file `bash/school` with these two lines inside: `#!/bin/bash` and `echo "School"`. Add all these new files to git. Commit your changes (message: “Starting to code today, so cool”) and push to the remote server.
3. **Collaboration is the base of a company**: Create a branch `update_script`. Create an empty file named `bash/98`. Update `bash/alx` by replacing `echo "ALX"` with `echo "ALX School"`. Update `bash/school` by replacing `echo "School"` with `echo "The school is open!"`. Add and commit these changes (message: “My personal work”). Push this new branch. [Tips](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-git/pushing-commits-to-a-remote-repository)
4. **Collaboration: be up to date**: Update your file `README.md` in the main branch from GitHub.com. In your terminal: Get all changes of the main branch locally (i.e. your `README.md` file will be updated), create a new file `up_to_date` at the root of your directory and in it, write the git command line used, add `up_to_date` to git, commit (message: “How to be up to date in git”), and push to the origin.
5. **HAAA what did you do???**: Resolve conflicts by using the version of the branch `update_script`, and push the result to the origin.
6. **Never push too much**: Create a .gitignore file and define a rule to never push ~ files (generated by Emacs). [Tips](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore)
